* diablo 2.0d *

welcome to the wonderful world of diablo bot..

version 2.0 in diablo bot is the latest and greatest line of irc bots
available. With 2.0, command hooks and server hooks are implemented,
multipule network configurations, and servers within the networks may
share the same data.

** In this file:
	Installation
	Configuring for your needs
	Development and modification
	Contacting


(*) Installation -

	For those to impatient to read this overview, run ./configure and
make, otherwise detailed instructions follow...

	To setup diablo for first use, run the ./configure command out of
the root diablo dir, this will setup the config file, networks file,
version information, and setup your user account. When you reach the field
inquiring about password authentication, it is recommended that you choose
not to use password authentication on low traffic bots where there is not
a security risk. As long as you are wise with your user hosts, using full
masks and not simply *@*, your bot will be plenty secure in most
situations. If advanced security is necessary, use passwords. If you
decide to use passwords, you will be prompted for an encryption key, this
is basically a random set of letters and numbers, so that your passwords
are encrypted originally, and there is a lesser risk of someone use a
default salt to crack your passwords. This salt (encryption key) will be
stored in its own file, also completely random.

	Then run make, also from the main directory to configure a few
plugins, clean up directories, and initialize configurations.


(*) Configuring for your needs -

	Diablo is highly configurable, if you know perl your in luck,
because you can do practically anything with this bot. Basic configuration
can be found in the ./modules/hooks/ directory where you can add hooks,
based on the technical definition in the tech/ subdirectory.


(*) Development and modification -

	Diablo is released on the GNU GPL, you may freely redistribute and
modify this code under the terms in the COPYING file in this release.

	If you would like to develope and contribute to diablo, write your
commands/subroutines in a seperate file, you can of course put them in a
tar/gz file that will install them in the right place, as well as a
configure script. If you would like the commands/subroutines placed on the
diablo homepage (diablo.sourceforge.net) send them to dave@darkfire.net.


(*) Contacting -

	Diablo internet services coders are available on the darkfire irc
network, in #dis. To reach darkfire open your favorite irc client and
connect to irc.darkfire.net port 6667 or 7000. Head coding is done by
dave, secondary coding and module support by slifox.

	Email:
		dave            (dave@darkfire.net)
		slifox	        (alex@darkfire.net)
